So, with the Navy, they always give you training. That's something that's
going to be ingrained in your heart by the end of your Navy tour.
So, the ways that they train you is that they have one of the people
in your unit go up and provide something from a book that you probably
learn in A school, that you probably learn on the job. So, for
instance, the diagram of the reactor and we're supposed to know, for
instance, all the valves that are there, we're supposed to know what
to do in case of a casualty. For instance, if there's a fire in one
of the pumps, we have to say, "Well, you're supposed to turn off
valve A, B and C", and then call it in and then we'll tell the watch
officer and then ask somebody to help and then go back and fight the
fire. What happens if there is like, a radiation spill? Are you supposed
to, you know, do these things? So, for instance, every time that
you have a casualty, which means that there is a problem in the
ship, be it a fire, a flood, a scram of the reactor, which means it
breaks down, then you have to know what each of those steps are. And
after being in the Navy for what, a year let's say, if you don't train
about it, then you're going to forget it. So, they allow a little
bit of forget and then they train on it so you remember it. Then,
you have that cycle of training over and over and over.